Release `v1.5.2` (#4620)
aiidateam/aiida-core: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v1.5.2

> Note: the patch v1.5.1 was skipped due to a problem when uploading the release to PyPi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: release `v1.5.1` was skipped due to a problem with the uploaded files to PyPI.
```
